TD-293: Added documentation for Tiny Drive Standalone APi changes (#1871)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: tinydrive/tinydrive-api/standalone.md

`https://cdn.tiny.cloud/1/<your api key>/tinydrive/stable/tinydrive.min.js`

> ### Example: Loading the standalone API script, promise-based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Loading the standalone API script using promises
```
And same for the example below

</script>
```

### Example: Loading the standalone API script, callback-based

```html
<script src="https://cdn.tiny.cloud/1/<your api key>/tinydrive/stable/tinydrive.min.js" referrerpolicy="origin"></script>
<script>
var controls = tinydrive.controls.pick({
  token_provider: '/your-local/jwt-provider'
}, function(result) {
  console.log(result);

  setTimeout(function() {
    controls.close();

>   }, 0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  }, 0);
```

}, function(error) {
  console.log(error);

  setTimeout(function() {
    controls.close();

>   }, 0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  }, 0);
```

});
</script>
```

## `tinydrive.pick`

> The `tinydrive.pick` method enables you to pick files from {{site.cloudfilemanager}} and get the meta data of those files returned in a promise. For a complete list of available settings to pass into this method check the [Picker settings](#pickersettings) section in this page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `tinydrive.pick` method allows users to pick files from {{site.cloudfilemanager}} and get the metadata of those files returned in a promise. For a complete list of available settings to pass into this method, see: [Picker settings](#pickersettings).
```

The modification date for the file in ISO 8601 format for example `2019-02-24T15:00:00Z`

## `tinydrive.controls.pick`

> The `tinydrive.controls.pick` method enables you to pick files from {{site.cloudfilemanager}} and get the meta data of those files returned in a callback. For a complete list of available settings to pass into this method check the [Picker settings](#pickersettings) section in this page. A control object is returned which control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which it no longer does by itself.

Reviewer: * `meta data` should be `metadata`
* I'd drop "section in this page" and just say `For ... see [Picker settings](#pickersettings)`, as I think that's more in line with the rest of the docs
* The lifecycle sentence needs some reworking. Firstly, it kinda sounds like we're breaking semver with this change by expecting people to add lifecycle management to their code in order to get the same behaviour they would have had before the upgrade. Secondly, maybe phrase it as something more like `The function returns a control object which is used to control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle. For information on controlling the lifecycle see ${link to paragraph where we discuss what happened with the lifecycle change, what people need to do to fix the breakages when they update their apps, what's going on with the setTimeouts, and what methods are available on the control object}`

Author: - We use `meta data`for `tinydrive.pick`. Are you sure it should be `metadata`?
- Sure, though again, that's how it is in `tinydrive.pick`
- This should not be breaking semver. This adds a new option for them to use if they want to control the life cycle. If they continue to use the old functions everything should continue to work as it already is, no API changes to that.

Reviewer 2: I'm 99% sure it should be `metadata`. MDN uses a single word for comparison: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta

> ### File Picker Result Format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### File picker result format
```
We use sentence case for titles normally. I realise this is incorrect in the version you copied from as well, unfortunately, I don't believe these docs have been properly reviewed/edited.

The `tinydrive.controls.pick` method will return the selected value to the provided callback as an array of files with the following properties.

> #### name

Reviewer: Would this data be better presented in a table, similar to how we show other object types in the docs?

Author: Possibly, but this is how it's currently presented for `tinydrive.pick`.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I'm wondering if we really just need to log a JIRA for someone to spend time and clean up this page.

Reviewer 3: Sure. Log a Jira. It's out of scope for this PR.

The name of the selected file for example `my.jpg`.

#### size

The size in bytes of the selected file.

#### url

The URL for the selected file would be in the following format: `https://drive.tiny.cloud/1/<your api key>/<file uuid>`

#### mdate

The modification date for the file in ISO 8601 format for example `2019-02-24T15:00:00Z`

> ### Interactive example: Using `tinydrive.pick`

Reviewer 2: This example is now in the wrong place, as it's a subsection of `tinydrive.pick` so it should be before the `tinydrive.controls.pick` heading.

- [ ] Fix incorrect location for example

{% include live-demo.html id="drive-standalone-pick" type="tinydrive" %}

## `tinydrive.controls.pick`

> The `tinydrive.controls.pick` method enables you to pick files from {{site.cloudfilemanager}} and get the metadata of those files returned in a callback. For a complete list of available settings to pass into this method, see: [Picker settings](#pickersettings). A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned for controlling the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which is not handled by {{site.cloudfilemanager}} when using the `controls` APIs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `tinydrive.controls.pick` method eallows users to pick files from {{site.cloudfilemanager}} and get the metadata of those files returned in a callback. For a complete list of available settings to pass into this method, see: [Picker settings](#pickersettings). A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned for controlling the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which is not handled by {{site.cloudfilemanager}} when using the `controls` APIs.
```

### File picker result format

The `tinydrive.controls.pick` method will return the selected value to the provided callback as an array of files with the following properties.

#### name

> The name of the selected file. For example `my.jpg`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The name of the selected file. For example: `my.jpg`.
```

#### size

The size in bytes of the selected file.

#### url

The URL for the selected file. The URL will be in the following format: `https://drive.tiny.cloud/1/<your api key>/<file uuid>`

#### mdate

The modification date for the file in ISO 8601 format. For example: `2021-02-24T15:00:00Z`

### Interactive example: Using `tinydrive.controls.pick`

{% include live-demo.html id="drive-standalone-pick-controls" type="tinydrive" %}

## `tinydrive.browse`

> The `tinydrive.browse` method enables you to browse your files stored in {{site.cloudfilemanager}} but without the possibility to pick them to be inserted. This might be useful if you want to use {{site.cloudfilemanager}} as a generic file manager. It returns a promise but the promise will only resolve when the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} dialog is closed by using the close button. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method check the [Picker settings](#pickersettings) section in this page.

Reviewer 2: Should this have also been updated to say `allows users`? It was done for `pick` but not here.

{% include live-demo.html id="drive-standalone-browse" type="tinydrive" %}

## `tinydrive.controls.browse`

> The `tinydrive.controls.browse` method enables you to browse your files stored in {{site.cloudfilemanager}} but without the possibility to pick them to be inserted. This might be useful if you want to use {{site.cloudfilemanager}} as a generic file manager.  A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned which control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which it no longer does by itself. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method see [Picker settings](#pickersettings).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `tinydrive.controls.browse` method enables you to browse your files stored in {{site.cloudfilemanager}} but without the possibility to pick them to be inserted. This might be useful if you want to use {{site.cloudfilemanager}} as a generic file manager.  A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned which control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which is not handled by {{site.cloudfilemanager}} when using the `controls` APIs. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method, see: [Picker settings](#pickersettings).
```

});
```

## `tinydrive.controls.start`

> Start is similar to pick and browse, the main difference is that method doesn't have a way of closing the dialog by the user. This can be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from an url where there is no application to insert the files into. This might be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from an url but not part of a bigger application. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method check the [Picker settings](#pickersettings) section in this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start is similar to pick and browse, the main difference is that users do not have a way of closing the dialog with this method. This can be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from an url where there is no application to insert the files into. This might be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from an url but not as part of a bigger application. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method see [Picker settings](#pickersettings).
```

### Example: Using `tinydrive.controls.start`

```js
var controls = tinydrive.start({
  token_provider: '/your-local/jwt-provider'
}, function() {
  setTimeout(function() {
    controls.close();

>   }, 0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  }, 0);
```

}, function(error) {
  console.log(error);

  setTimeout(function() {
    controls.close();

>   }, 0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  }, 0);
```

});
```

## `tinydrive.controls.start`

> Start is similar to pick and browse, the main difference is that users do not have a way of closing the dialog with this method. This can be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from an url where there is no application to insert the files into. This might be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from an url but not as part of a bigger application. A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned which control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which it no longer does by itself. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method see [Picker settings](#pickersettings).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start is similar to pick and browse, but users do not have a way of closing the dialog with this method. This can be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from a URL where there is no application to insert the files into. This might be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from a URL, but not as part of a bigger application. A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned which control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which is not handled by {{site.cloudfilemanager}} when using the `controls` APIs. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method, see: [Picker settings](#pickersettings).
```

> Start is similar to pick and browse, but users do not have a way of closing the dialog with this method. This can be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from a URL where there is no application to insert the files into. This might be useful when you want to launch {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from a URL, but not as part of a bigger application. A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned which control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which is not handled by {{site.cloudfilemanager}} when using the `controls` APIs. For a complete list of available settings to pass in to this method, see: [Picker settings](#pickersettings).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start is similar to pick and browse, but users do not have a way of closing the dialog with this method. This can be useful when launching {{site.cloudfilemanager}} from a URL where there is no application to insert the files into. A [Control Object](#controlobject) is returned for controlling the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle, which is not handled by {{site.cloudfilemanager}} when using the `controls` APIs. For a complete list of available settings for this method, see: [Picker settings](#pickersettings).
```

### Example: Using `tinydrive.controls.start`

```js
var controls = tinydrive.start({
  token_provider: '/your-local/jwt-provider'
}, function() {
  setTimeout(function() {
    controls.close();
  }, 0);
}, function(error) {
  console.log(error);

  setTimeout(function() {
    controls.close();
  }, 0);
});
```

## Control Object

> When using callback-based methods a control object is returned by the function. This object is used to control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle for the view generated by the call and care must be taken to close the view through this, or it will remain open indefinitively.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using callback-based methods, a control object is returned by the function. This object is used to control the {{site.cloudfilemanager}} lifecycle for the view generated by the call. The view must be closed using the control object or it will remain open indefinitively.
```

> As the callbacks may be called before the function has returned, {{site.companyname}} recommends adding calls to this object from the callbacks into `setTimeout` or similar, to prevent calling it before it is spawned.

Reviewer 2: This is not acceptable sorry... and goes against what I was lead to believe in the original Drive PR (not sure if it wasn't clear or I misunderstood sorry). If this is needed/recommended then we need to change the implementation so this isn't going to be an issue.

> As the callbacks may be called before the function has returned it is recommended to put calls to this object from the callbacks into `setTimeout` or similar, to prevent calling it before it is spawned.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As the callbacks may be called before the function has returned, {{site.companyname}} recommends adding calls to this object from the callbacks into `setTimeout` or similar, to prevent calling it before it is spawned.
```

> The control object has the following functions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The control object has the following functions:
```

### Close

> Closes the view, regardless of what it is showing. A call to this function will not trigger calls to either callback, regardless if they've been called previously or not.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Closes the view, regardless of what it is showing. A call to this function will trigger calls to either callback, regardless if they've been called previously or not.
```
?

Author: No, it will not trigger the callbacks. The `not` is correct here.
